-	Hello all! We are at Kiev CyberSport Arena
Here’s Dendi sitting next to me.
He’s just from the semifinal match.
I’d like to ask you a question about Pudge hero.
How did he appear in professional Dota? It’s for those who are not in.
-	He appeared with difficulties.
He managed to withstand all this I-won’t-pick-you stuff.
He is in Dota 2 since International.
By that time there were very few heroes in Dota 2
and very little counter against Pudge.
We decided to try him.
For the first time we used him during
the finals vs EHOME and it didn’t work.
-	Did you pick it before?
And what about Chinese game vs DK? You picked Pudge and won then.
-	Dota 1?
-	Yep.
-	We were just lucky.
-	Was it an image pick or what?
-	Let’s say we had nothing to lose and decided to use Pudge.
-	Does anybody use Pudge except for you?
I mean in Dota world.
-	Everybody does, I guess.
-	Thanks to you?
-	I don’t know.
-	And who counters Pudge in Dota 2?
-	Batrider copes very well with it.
It’s also not so pleasant to play against Borat and Doom.
-	And in Dota 1?
-	There are plenty of them.
Invokers, Batrider, Shadow Demons… overchoise… it makes you dizzy.
-	A new patch will be released soon.
How will it influence on Pudge’s popularity?
There’s lots of different invokers,
shadow demons and the heroes you’ve mentioned there…
-	Pudge is not so popular even now. He’ll be yet weaker.
-	And the last question. What about Smile?
How do you like him as a part of team?
-	Perfectly.
-	Did you play with him before Dota 2?
-	No, I haven’t played with him before.
-	Ok. Now you’ll play finals vs The Retry.
I won’t ask you a question. I’ll talk to someone else a bit later.
-	Despise them!
-	Yep! Ok, good-bye. Give me a five!